[RSDK-2749] add canon to rplidar (#34)
viamrobotics/rplidar: README.md

```bash
make lint
```

### (Optional) Using Canon Images

If desired, Viam's canon tool can be used to create a docker container to build `arm64` or `amd64` binaries of the SLAM server. The canon tool can be installed by running the following command: 

```bash
go install github.com/viamrobotics/canon@latest
```

> And then by running one of the following commands in the viam-cartographer repository to create the container:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then by running one of the following commands in the rplidar repository to create the container:
```

```bash
canon -arch arm64
```

```bash
canon -arch amd64
```

> These containers are set to persist between sessions via the `persistent` parameter in the `.canon.yaml` file located in the root of viam-cartographer. More details regarding the use of Viam's canon tool can be found [here](https://github.com/viamrobotics/canon).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These containers are set to persist between sessions via the `persistent` parameter in the `.canon.yaml` file located in the root of rplidar. More details regarding the use of Viam's canon tool can be found [here](https://github.com/viamrobotics/canon).
```
